#494: Developer FAQ: create / refresh, snapshot mode, asynchronous tr… (#496)
exasol/virtual-schemas: doc/changes/changes_6.0.3.md

# Virtual Schemas 6.0.3, released 2025-03-06

Code name: Developer FAQ

## Summary

This release fixes add a developer FAQ to the root project of all virtual schemas that covers *language-independent* developer questions.

> We also removed language-specific content from this repository, since it is the portal to virtual schemas of all languages with the exceptions of links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also removed language-specific content from this repository, since it is the portal to virtual schemas of all languages, see the links to the documentation of each of the specific virtual schemas.
```
